# PassLogify

## Description

PassLogify is a simple yet useful password manager that uses an email and password pair to keep track of your different logins throughout the internet. It provides a simple and secure way to store, label, and organize your passwords, keeping them safe with PassLogify.

## IMPORTANT :warning:

PassLogify does not store your passwords on any server. All passwords are stored locally on your device.
But as a reminder, never give your passwords to anyone, not even the staff of PassLogify.

## Features

-   Add a new entry with a password and an email or username (the password can be generated by the app).
-   View all your entries on the dashboard.
-   Update a group label.
-   Delete a/all entr(y/ies) (remove one - from manage groups / clear all - from the app settings).
-   Organize your entries by labels and reorder them.
-   Switch between light and dark mode.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository by running `git clone git@github.com:Lallethu/PassLogify.git` in your terminal.
2. Open the project folder and locate the `android/app/build/outputs/apk/debug` folder.
3. :warning: **APP STILL IN DEV** :warning: Copy the `app-debug.apk` file to your favorite messaging app and send it to yourself _(or use a USB cable to transfer it to your device)_.

## Usage

1. Open the app
2. Slide up or tap the screen to access the dashboard
3. Add a new entry by tapping the middle button _(Two files icon with a plus sign)_
4. Enjoy your password manager :)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/F-T-X-feature-feature-name`, F-T mean Forked-Ticket and X is the number of the feature, feature-name is the name of the feature, like `F-T-1-feature-avatar-icon`)
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a new Pull Request with the original project and I will review it as soon as possible.

## Next to come

-   ~~T-12: In the create entry implement the password generator.~~

## Ideas for the future

-   Create a french version of the app.
-   Implement the SURPRISE feature/screen.
-   Create a way to copy the password to the clipboard.
